feat(android): Update Gradle docs with auto-installation and okhttp instrumentation (#4829)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/android/common/gradle.mdx

We expose the following configuration values directly in your `app/build.gradle`:

```groovy

> import io.sentry.android.gradle.InstrumentationFeature // Only available v3.0.0 and above.

Reviewer: SInce it's stable now, no need.

Author: good catch! thanks

> import io.sentry.android.gradle.InstrumentationFeature // Only available v3.0.0 and above.

Author: ```suggestion
import io.sentry.android.gradle.InstrumentationFeature
```

      // Specifies a set of instrumentation features that are eligible for bytecode manipulation.
      // Defaults to all available values of InstrumentationFeature enum class.
      features = [InstrumentationFeature.DATABASE, InstrumentationFeature.FILE_IO, InstrumentationFeature.OKHTTP]
    }
    
    // Enable auto-installation of Sentry components (sentry-android SDK and okhttp, timber and fragment integrations).
    // Default is enabled.
    // Only available v3.1.0 and above.
    autoInstallation {

>       enabled = true

Reviewer 2: Above we say default is enabled. Should this config show how to disable instead?

Author: mm, I just followed the pattern that we have already here (showing the default values for each option). Otherwise, we'd need to change all of them to align, so I'd rather not

Reviewer 2: Raise an issue so we can follow up later: https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/issues/4845

Author: thanks. I was just assuming that people mostly copy without reading the details, so at least this would've been enabled by default.

one concern I have about that approach is how to deal with non-default values for a set (`tracingInstrumentation.features` for instance)? With booleans it's clear, we just flip the flag, but with the set we probably want to show all available options?

Author: Probably something like this would do for the set:

```groovy
// Defaults to all available values of InstrumentationFeature enum class.
features = [
  InstrumentationFeature.DATABASE, // only enable database auto-instrumentation
//  InstrumentationFeature.FILE_IO,
//  InstrumentationFeature.OKHTTP,
]
```

      
      // Specifies a version of the sentry-android SDK and fragment, timber and okhttp integrations.
      // 
      // This is also useful, when you have the sentry-android SDK already included into a transitive dependency/module and want to 
      // align integration versions with it (if it's a direct dependency, the version will be inferred).
      //
      // NOTE: if you have a higher version of the sentry-android SDK or integrations on the classpath, this setting will have no effect
      // as Gradle will resolve it to the latest version.
      //
      // Defaults to the latest published sentry version.
      sentryVersion = '5.6.1'
    }
}
```

```kotlin

> import io.sentry.android.gradle.InstrumentationFeature // Only available v3.0.0 and above.

Author: ```suggestion
import io.sentry.android.gradle.InstrumentationFeature
```

      // Specifies a set of instrumentation features that are eligible for bytecode manipulation.
      // Defaults to all available values of InstrumentationFeature enum class.
      features = [InstrumentationFeature.DATABASE, InstrumentationFeature.FILE_IO, InstrumentationFeature.OKHTTP]
    }
    
    // Enable auto-installation of Sentry components (sentry-android SDK and okhttp, timber and fragment integrations).
    // Default is enabled.
    // Only available v3.1.0 and above.
    autoInstallation {
      enabled = true
      
      // Specifies a version of the sentry-android SDK and fragment, timber and okhttp integrations.
      // 
      // This is also useful, when you have the sentry-android SDK already included into a transitive dependency/module and want to 
      // align integration versions with it (if it's a direct dependency, the version will be inferred).
      //
      // NOTE: if you have a higher version of the sentry-android SDK or integrations on the classpath, this setting will have no effect
      // as Gradle will resolve it to the latest version.
      //
      // Defaults to the latest published sentry version.

>       sentryVersion = '5.6.1'

Author: ```suggestion
      sentryVersion = '{{ packages.version('sentry.java.android', '5.0.0') }}'
```

      
      // Specifies a set of instrumentation features that are eligible for bytecode manipulation.
      // Defaults to all available values of InstrumentationFeature enum class.
      features.set(setOf(InstrumentationFeature.DATABASE, InstrumentationFeature.FILE_IO, InstrumentationFeature.OKHTTP))
    }
    
    // Enable auto-installation of Sentry components (sentry-android SDK and okhttp, timber and fragment integrations).
    // Default is enabled.
    // Only available v3.1.0 and above.
    autoInstallation {
      enabled.set(true)
      
      // Specifies a version of the sentry-android SDK and fragment, timber and okhttp integrations.
      // 
      // This is also useful, when you have the sentry-android SDK already included into a transitive dependency/module and want to 
      // align integration versions with it (if it's a direct dependency, the version will be inferred).
      //
      // NOTE: if you have a higher version of the sentry-android SDK or integrations on the classpath, this setting will have no effect
      // as Gradle will resolve it to the latest version.
      //
      // Defaults to the latest published sentry version.

>       sentryVersion.set("5.6.1")

Author: ```suggestion
      sentryVersion.set("{{ packages.version('sentry.java.android', '5.0.0') }}")
```

     *
     * Requires sentry-android SDK version 5.5.0 and above
     */
    FILE_IO,
    
    /**
     * When enabled the SDK will create spans for outgoing network requests and attach
     * sentry-trace-header for distributed tracing.
     * This feature uses bytecode manipulation and attaches SentryOkHttpInterceptor to all OkHttp
     * clients in the project.
     *
     * Requires sentry-android SDK version 5.0.0 and above.

>      * Only available v3.1.0 and above of the Gradle plugin.

Reviewer 2: Of the Sentry Plugin?

Author: ```suggestion
     * Only available v3.1.0 and above of the Sentry Android Gradle plugin.
```

To learn more about the internals of auto-instrumentation, check out this [blog post](https://blog.sentry.io/2021/12/14/bytecode-transformations-the-android-gradle-plugin).

</Note>

> ## Auto installation

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Auto-Installation
```

> The plugin offers automated installation feature of the Sentry Android SDK and [Fragment](/platforms/android/configuration/integrations/fragment/), [Timber](/platforms/android/configuration/integrations/timber/) and [OkHttp](/platforms/android/configuration/integrations/okhttp/) integrations. With that, you don't need to add any dependencies but just use the Sentry Gradle plugin as the feature is enabled by default from version 3.1.0.

Author: hmm, I think I wasn't clear here, I meant:
> you can just use the Sentry Gradle plugin and that's it, because the feature (auto-installation) is enabled by default.

Does this make more sense?

> The plugin offers automated installation feature of the Sentry Android SDK and [Fragment](/platforms/android/configuration/integrations/fragment/), [Timber](/platforms/android/configuration/integrations/timber/) and [OkHttp](/platforms/android/configuration/integrations/okhttp/) integrations. With thatб you don't need to add any dependencies, but just use the Sentry Gradle plugin as the feature is enabled by default from version 3.1.0.

Author: ```suggestion
The plugin offers automated installation feature of the Sentry Android SDK and [Fragment](/platforms/android/configuration/integrations/fragment/), [Timber](/platforms/android/configuration/integrations/timber/) and [OkHttp](/platforms/android/configuration/integrations/okhttp/) integrations. With that, you don't need to add any dependencies but just use the Sentry Gradle plugin as the feature is enabled by default from version 3.1.0.
```

> The plugin offers the automated installation feature of the Sentry Android SDK and [Fragment](/platforms/android/configuration/integrations/fragment/), [Timber](/platforms/android/configuration/integrations/timber/) and [OkHttp](/platforms/android/configuration/integrations/okhttp/) integrations. With it, you don't need to add any dependencies — you just use the Sentry Gradle plugin — because the feature is enabled by default, starting with version 3.1.0.

Reviewer 3: Reworded the last sentence to improve flow and readability.

```suggestion
The plugin offers the automated installation feature of the Sentry Android SDK and the [Fragment](/platforms/android/configuration/integrations/fragment/), [Timber](/platforms/android/configuration/integrations/timber/), and [OkHttp](/platforms/android/configuration/integrations/okhttp/) integrations. Starting with version 3.1.0, the feature is enabled by default, so you don't need to add any dependencies — you just use the Sentry Gradle plugin.
```

The plugin uses the following algorithm when defining depndency versions:

1. Check if the module/app has a direct dependency to the Sentry Android SDK:

>     a. if yes, then use the version of the direct dependency

Reviewer 3: Because there's no order to these, they're just both possible responses to the check, there shouldn't be an order/priority to them, so bullet points should be used rather than numbers or letters.

```suggestion
    - If yes, then use the version of the direct dependency.
```

>     b. if no, then automatically add sentry-android dependency with the specified `sentryVersion` from the plugin configuration (defaults to the latest published SDK version)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - If no, then automatically add sentry-android dependency with the specified `sentryVersion` from the plugin configuration (defaults to the latest published SDK version).
```

>     - If no, then automatically add sentry-android dependency with the specified `sentryVersion` from the plugin configuration (defaults to the latest published SDK version).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - If no, then automatically add the sentry-android dependency with the specified `sentryVersion` from the plugin configuration (defaults to the latest published SDK version).
```

2. Check if the module/app has a direct dependency to any of the integrations (fragment, timber or okhttp):

    a. if yes, then keep the current version of the direct dependency

    b. if no, then automatically add integration dependency with the version of the Sentry Android SDK inferred from above

> 3. If there are transitive dependencies to any of the integrations or the Sentry Android SDK, then their versions are not considered. However, if the versions are higher than those bundled with the Sentry Gradle plugin, Gradle will pick them instead.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. If there are transitive dependencies on any of the integrations or the Sentry Android SDK, then their versions are not considered. However, if the versions are higher than those bundled with the Sentry Gradle plugin, Gradle will choose them instead.
```
